So, a good balance between the effects of suits at all ranks is important. What is also important is which triggers are better for a certain suit (such as drawing a card each time a Stars card is discarded), as well as which trigger is more powerful at a certain rank (such as onRound triggers are drastically more potent for low-rank cards than high-rank cards).
 
An analysis of each suits effect for each trigger in proportion to what they are affecting:

Blades: 	Damage
	Finisher -- 1:1 ratio of dmg:rank	:::	This is fair, it takes X cards over X rounds to deal X-1 damage.
	Play     -- 1 dmg per play		:::	This is fair, although it means playing low ranks is more effective than high ranks, perhaps only higher
							ranked cards will be able to deal damage on play? Although this will mean that lower ranked cards are
							gimped in that they can only be used to build combos (since you are usually going to finish a combo with a
							higher ranked card).
	Draw     -- N/A?			:::	Having damage on draw means potential synergy with Stars cards, though it also means the most effective
							strategy is to build a deck of exclusively blades cards and passively deal 1 or more damage each turn.
	Discard  -- N/A				:::	Being able to damage an opponent by removing cards is counterintuitive to both the aesthetic and balance
							(Although, it will be an effective counter to Bones cards, if certain Blades cards could damage on discard
							but lack other triggers, something like a trap card. Perhaps there could be a "spikey armour" card which 
							deals damage when discarded, but only on the opponent's turn)
	Round    -- N/A?			:::	The options here are for a flat 1dmg/rnd, or for the dmg to scale with rank. The former means that building
							up a combo chain isn't as effective as simply stacking a field of rank 1 cards which will deal a total of
							1 damage on round 2, 2 on round 3, 3 on 4, etc. This can be countered with a board clearing effect from
							Bones cards, or by restricting the onRound damage to high-rank cards (although this is counterintuitive, as
							higher ranked cards will rarely stay on the board for long, so in that case it is better to have damage
							scale with rank). A third option to balance the flat dmg/rnd is to restrict how many cards can be in play
							of a certain rank/suit (i.e. only one card of each rank can be on the board at a time **CONSIDER THIS**).

Bones:	 	Discard (cards in play, not hand)
	Finisher -- cards of rank are discarded	:::	Any cards in play of a rank less than or equal to the drop value are discarded.
	Play     -- cards of rank are discarded	:::	Any card in play of rank equivalent to half the played card's (round down) is discarded.
							So if Bones5 is played, cards of rank 2 are discarded.
	Draw     -- N/A				:::	The aesthetic of bones is results upon acting, or brute force, and having draw effects goes against that.
	Discard  -- 1 dmg on discard		:::	This has multiple flavours. One is that a combo with Bones cards expresses to some extent an all-out attack
							where the player finally cashes in on all the spent energy in one burst. On the other hand it also
							expresses the volatility of fighting fire with fire, where two Bones-dominant players will need to
							calculate the risk of beating each other up
	Round    -- N/A				:::	Doesn't fit the Bones aesthetic. Perhaps there can be rare/expensive blocker cards which discard any card
							played of a certain rank (i.e. a certain Rank X blocker, as long as it is in play, will prevent an opponent
							from keeping Rank Y cards in play, where X>=Y)

Stars:	 	Draw
	Finisher -- 1:2 ratio of draw:rank	:::	round up?
	Play     -- N/A
	Draw     -- 
	Discard  -- 1:4 ratio of draw:rank	:::	round up?
	Round    -- 

Stones: 	Heal (Maximum health capacity?)
	Finisher -- 1:1 ratio of heal:rank	:::	round up?
	Play     -- 
	Draw     -- 
	Discard  -- 
	Round    -- 1 hp per round		:::	round up?